Add check boxes to Feature Request template (#4379)
TeamNewPipe/NewPipe: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

assignees: ''

---

<!-- The comments between these brackets won't show up in the submitted issue (as you can see in the preview). -->

### Checklist

- [ ] I checked, but didn't find any duplicates of this issue in the repo. <!-- Seriously, check. O_O -->
- [ ] I have read the contribution guidelines given at https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/blob/HEAD/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md.

> - [ ] This issue contains only one feature request. I will open one issue per feature I want to request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] This issue contains only one feature request. I will open one issue for every feature I want to request.
```

Author: xD
